README.md, before:

- 👋 Hi, I’m @CodeMan99
- 👀 I’m interested in _Ice Hockey_ 🏒 _Camping_ 🏕️ _Parenting_ 👪
- 🌱 I’m currently learning [F#](https://github.com/dotnet/fsharp), [CircleCI](https://circleci.com/docs/getting-started/), & [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com).
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on [container.dev](https://containers.dev) images, templates, & [CodeMan99/features](https://github.com/CodeMan99/features).
- 🎉 I'm awesome at [node.js](https://nodejs.org), [GNU](https://www.gnu.org/software/software.html#allgnupkgs)/[Linux](https://ubuntu.com), & [Docker](https://www.docker.com).

<!---
CodeMan99/CodeMan99 is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

[![CodeMan99's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=CodeMan99&count_private=true&_version=1)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

[![CodeMan99's Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=CodeMan99&layout=compact&_version=1)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

Commit message:

Add `devopen` gist for devcontainers.

README.md, after:

- 👋 Hi, I’m @CodeMan99
- 👀 I’m interested in _Ice Hockey_ 🏒 _Camping_ 🏕️ _Parenting_ 👪
- 🌱 I’m currently learning [F#](https://github.com/dotnet/fsharp), [CircleCI](https://circleci.com/docs/getting-started/), & [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com).
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on [container.dev](https://containers.dev) images, templates, & [CodeMan99/features](https://github.com/CodeMan99/features).
    - 📂Want to use the devconatainer [cli](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@devcontainers/cli)? Do you still want `devcontainer open`? In this [gist](https://gist.github.com/CodeMan99/852d8539bd35a347a48d4a6119ff70e7) I implemented a solution as a bash function called `devopen`. 
- 🎉 I'm awesome at [node.js](https://nodejs.org), [GNU](https://www.gnu.org/software/software.html#allgnupkgs)/[Linux](https://ubuntu.com), & [Docker](https://www.docker.com).

<!---
CodeMan99/CodeMan99 is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

[![CodeMan99's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=CodeMan99&count_private=true&_version=1)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

[![CodeMan99's Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=CodeMan99&layout=compact&_version=1)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
